hey guys Nintendo fanboy here i'm going
to show you guys what to expect from
your 3ds once it's capable of video
recording so what to expect because my
3s can already do video recordings now
it can't do 3d however it can do video
recordings there may be some people that
think well you know maybe it's going to
be able grainy or whatnot it's not too
bad actually let me show you right here
as you can see my 3s the cameras down
facing the couch so I'm going to hit
play is something I recorded earlier and
I'm going to show a bunch of random
things I know it's going to be difficult
to judge the quality because I'm taking
a video of a video however I'll let you
guys I can tell you from my perspective
it looks good it's not too bad at all
it's more or less what to expect from
the 3d yes you know the diversion that
comes out the update with your DS
version should be better if not the same
shouldn't be any worse which isn't too
bad so let's get to it just small little
clip here and I'm going to show a bunch
of small random clips for you guys
just going to play that again up a
little closer see ya just hit play i can
record mac and play I can it's a little
animation students inchworm Animation
Studios is what I got on here if you're
wondering so the clock is not that bad
it may look blurry from your perspective
it's not that bad at all it's not
and now I'm going to show random
recordings as well that I just put
together